a couple of weeks ago Doos published
this report about AI platforms and
search and somehow I missed it I know I
know you're thinking wait Rand aren't
you like tight with the datos folks and
I I don't know I must have been busy I
was probably cooking something uh so
check this out percent of users visiting
major platforms so they have the Gemini
co-pilot Claude perplexity and chat GPT
user base and you can essentially see
you can see this uh seasonal dip
which we observed last year as well this
is what we what we think is the
educational use case and so you can see
that coming back end of September into
October right but this dip BEC happens
because a ton of chat GPT and all the
other AI tools' use is for educational
purposes also really really interesting
you know you can you can see how they
stack up against each other but check
this out this is Google against
perplexity and chat GPT from October to
January and for those of you who are
like oh man you know perplexity is
taking market share from Google uh chat
gbt is taking market share from Google
you can't see it it's just not there I I
don't think that's what's happening if
if you want to make that argument you
can only make that argument I think with
a very tiny slice of the world of of
society and you know I'll I'll be
totally honest like this is something
Spar Toro was great at if you say hey my
audience is you know product managers or
whatever like great you know spark Toro
can say you you can check these numbers
right the global what's happening with
Google perplexity chat gbt uh Claude Etc
against what's going on with actual
product managers you know and and we can
see in here in the uh you can run search
and AI tools and then see oh yeah you
know what open Ai and chap jbt those are
much more popular perplexity much much
more popular with this audience I can
sort by Affinity change and see all of
these AI tools that are much more
popular with product managers than they
are with the average audience which is
what uh Doos is showing in their report
also really interesting in here they
show percent of users on chat GPT versus
perplexity so kind of narrowing the
graph to that you can see what that
looks like during the holidays right
when both experience a dip but obviously
more substantial in chat gbt and then
returning to use uh in January average
number of sessions in here so if you are
someone who's really interested in
following hey what's growing what's
shrinking what's taking market share
what's not what are search and AI tools
doing at a broad level this report is
killer super impressive from Doos
they've got a bunch more charts uh and
graphs in here and if you want to know
for your specific audience you know we
can run a spark Toro report for you or
or you can run it yourself right and
just see hey what is my audience doing
in here and how does that compare to
their use of Google or Reddit or Amazon
or uh Pinterest or any of these other
ones